Those people talking
What would their trouble be
Are they laughing at me
Or are they not looking
From sometime there
Are a lot of lingering friends
You put your hands on my shoulder
Who are you guys
Then you gotta stay the same
I know you're trying to sit on me
'cause I'm really good at this
to downtown, I deserve to go
there's no reason not to go
for what I said so long ago
that's not a fault of yours
I wanna wanna be like this
Why always try to leave me alone
I keep my head up and keep my mouth shut
why always need to wait for so long
I keep my way, do things my own way
What should I say
It’s always been difficult
I don’t know myself
How do you know me so well?
Even if I get abandoned easily
Again I’ll smile at it
You have me in your arms
Then you gotta stay the same
I know you're trying to sit on me
'cause I'm really good at this
to downtown, I deserve to go
there's no reason not to go
for what I said so long ago
that's not a fault of yours
I wanna wanna be like this
Why always try to leave me alone
I keep my head up and keep my mouth shut
why always need to wait for so long
I keep my way, do things my own way